docs(index): add cross-spec alignment matrix (T-08) (#690)
admin-shell-io/aas-specs: documentation/IDTA-01001/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

| v3.2
a| 
* defines classes and attributes for payload of API operations and query language
* defines mapping rules for serialization formats

| x | IDTA-01003-a Part 3a: Data Specification Template IEC61360
| v3.1
a| 

* defines how data specification templates are used in combination with the metamodel

* metamodel and data specification template are integrated into the same schema and thus have a strong dependency

| x | IDTA-01003-b Part 3b: Data Specification Template Measurement Units
| v3.0
a|

* defines how data specification templates are used in combination with the Metamodel

* metamodel and data specification template are integrated into the same schema and thus have a strong dependency

| |  IDTA-01004 Part 4: Security
| v3.1
a| 

* defines classes and attributes that can be used in access control rules

|  | IDTA-01005 Part 5: Package File Format (AASX)
| v3.2
a| 

* defines mapping rules for serialization format(s) of the exchanged Asset Administration Shell referenced via `aasx-origin` 
|===

Bugfix (patch) releases of aligned specifications shall be substituted. 
Minor versions of aligned specifications IDTA-01001 does not have a strong dependency to

>  may be used as long as the corresponding release version of the aligned specification does not have a strong dependency to a newer release of IDTA-01001.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minor versions of aligned specifications IDTA-01001 may be used as long as the corresponding release version of the aligned specification does not have a dependency to a newer release of IDTA-01001.
```

If there is a bugfix of these parts, they shall be used.

> 

Reviewer: This chapter has the same intention as the newly introduced chapter "Alignment with other AAS specifications". The new proposal add more  information on what to expect in which version. On of both must be removed.

[#cross-spec-alignment]
=== Alignment with other AAS Specifications

This version of IDTA-01001 (Metamodel, v3.2) is designed to be used together with the following companion specifications:

[cols="2,2,3",options="header"]
|===
| Specification | Aligned Version | Notes

| IDTA-01002 Part 2: Application Programming Interfaces
| v3.2
| HTTP/REST API, AAS Query Language. References the Metamodel classes and attributes defined here.

| IDTA-01004 Part 4: Security
| v3.1
| Access Rule Model. Shares the Query Language grammar and schema with IDTA-01002 and references Metamodel classes through FieldIdentifiers.
|===

Any bugfix release (patch version) of an aligned specification MAY be substituted for the version listed above. Implementations claiming conformance to this version of IDTA-01001 SHOULD state which versions of IDTA-01002 and IDTA-01004 they implement.

> 

Reviewer: This chapter has the same intention as the existing chapter "Dependencies". The new proposal adds more  information on what to expect in which version. One of both must be removed.
